The notes below and files in this directory initially originate from the slr svn repo:
svn --username ????? co http://issm.ess.uci.edu/svn/slr




{{{ Meeting with Tony Lee.
Leverage model we have: mass ocean + ice. Atmopheric constraints. 

CMIP: projection RCP scenarios. 2D forcings for atmosphere. Ask Peter Gallagher for help.
Decadal Prediction:  no point of contact/website that has all the decadal prediction archives.  UK Met
Depresys Doug Smith, NCAR runs (Danabasoglu Gokhan) - includes GFDL among them (Tony Rosatti).

Issue: do we stop there to figure out the enveloppe of regional sl under decadal or CMIP forcings. 
Or do we do an extra step: implication for inundations. Storm surge wave statistics to give you a bigger enveloppe. 
We don't have expertise in storm surge or extreme events.

NCAR wave forecast, lead is  Hendrick Tolman NOAA operational forecast system, RFTOOS.

Issue of timeframe? 10 year, 50 years.  Max and minimum number? 

Forcing comes from a coupled system: if the coupled system does not have GRACE errors, ice shelves -> does it make sense to use that forcing?  Mindful about potential limitations: 
- CMIP6 will cointinuously improve these constraoints, so that's ok. 
- ongoing effort to modify, alleviate these concerns by MITgcm and CMIP5 constraints (ask Dimitris about this)
ask Dimitris more about it. 

GMAO uses Poseidon, thinking about changing to MOM3. Since MOM4 got released, nothing has happened.

}}}




From J. Wahr: 
- wanted to know whether we want to match altimetry or whether we want 
- spatial resolution issue. Ocean function is 1degx1deb -> need to increase that. 
- same thing for spherical harmonics that are currently runnning at 1deg. 
- other issue is that code relies on ocean funcion that does not change in
  time. This is ok if we are sticking to 10-100 yr projections, but it's not
  ok if we are targetting 1000 yrs projections where this would become an
  issue. There is currently no solution to this matter.

Here is the email referring to some of theses points: 
Isabella, Eric:  I've now modified the sea level code to include rotational
feedback.  Before sending it to Isabella to be archived at Irvine, I have a
question.  I'm not sure exactly what JPL wants to do with the code, but right
now it's set up to output changes in sea level as would be seen by a tide
gauge.  That is, it outputs: (change in geocentric sea surface height) minus
(change in geocentric sea floor height).  An altimeter sees, instead, just the
geocentric sea surface height.  For the JPL applications you have in mind,
would you rather have the program output the latter (i.e. geocentric sea
surface height)?
 
-  John
